Pedro is a young man who earns his living as a street garbage collector. He lives in Medellin, on the shore of the river. One day while working, he sees Juliana, a beautiful executive that seems to smile at him while she is shopping, unaware that she dropped her purse. Pedro runs to pick up the purse and returns it to her. She thanks him and leaves. After a very difficult day, Pedro cannot stop thinking about Juliana, who inspires him to dream, understand his reality, and gives him hope.
Eva is an accidental witness of the death of a young girl, even more: she's got it all on tape. Shortly hereafter she encounters Dieter, a charming young man. These two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life, but also that of her friends in a brutal way...
Amorosa is an emotional look into the life of a young man who tries to find love after losing his fiancée.
Los Angeles based architect Michael Lewis and Russian language instructor Patricia Peterson - "Pete" to her friends - meet and quickly fall in love. Although Michael asked her before the news, they decide to get married after Pete announces that she's pregnant with his child. All these events happen before each has had a chance to meet the other's family. As Pete's La Jolla based parents, Ben and Claire Peterson, are traveling the world and will not be back in time for the wedding, Michael and Pete decide to hold the ceremony in Vancouver, where Michael grew up and where his parents, Howard and Marian Lewis, still live. Of the four parents, the one person who is seemingly not happy with what is transpiring in their children's lives is Claire, her uneasiness strengthened when she finally meets Michael for the first time far along into Pete's pregnancy, and views the wedding photographs. Her uneasiness is due to a long held secret she's been keeping, that secret which is now tearing her up inside because of the marriage. If she decides to divulge the secret, it will probably in turn destroy Michael and Pete's marriage as well as the baby's life, through no fault of their own.
Dave is a computer programmer in his mid 20s who works for a San Francisco tech company. He amuses himself in his free time pretending to be a private investigator making house calls, but he has a feeling there is more to life than duping unsuspecting housewives and stealing their maracas. Then one day, things unexpectedly fall apart. In the first 15 minutes of his workday, his girlfriend breaks up with him over instant messenger and his boss (who can't even remember his name) lays him off. With a severance check and lots of free time in hand, Dave starts contemplating his next move. Meanwhile, his friend Brandon is 'training' to compete in the Pot Olympics to win a trip to Amsterdam. Brandon is in his late 20s, lives at home with his mother, and spends all day smoking pot and playing video games. His plan to win the trip is to record himself "Running the Gauntlet" - smoking a series of pipes and bongs, all in one breath. Training for this requires intense mental and physical preparation, not unlike karate masters preparing to break concrete blocks. Unfortunately for Brandon, he keeps getting interrupted by his nagging mom and Dave's job and girl issues. When Brandon finds out Dave is unemployed, he poses the age-old dilemma faced by men in their 20s: What, exactly, is wrong with living off your parents, smoking pot, and playing video games? But Dave is more ambitious, so Brandon attempts to help his friend by suggesting things for Dave that are totally out of his skill set, like Rock Singer and Magician. Dave, open to trying new things and lacking any self-awareness, attempts them with gusto and fails miserably. While getting lunch at a sandwich shop, Dave runs into Tara, a long lost crush from college. Tara has recently broken up with her long-term boyfriend, finished grad school, and moved out to the Bay Area. Like Dave, she is unemployed and searching for a new direction. She spends her free time in bridge tournaments with her grandmother. Thinking he is seeing the hands of fate in action, Dave immediately goes after her. Undaunted by her tepid response to his overtures, he doggedly pursues her, despite warnings from Brandon about the dangers of being "The Rebound," which he says is just as bad as being in the "Friend Zone." Dave brushes this off, saying that what they have transcends the normal rules, because this is fate. Soon after the sandwich shop encounter, Dave panics when he realizes he has lost Tara's phone number. Without any way of contacting her, he thinks he has lost her forever. Utterly depressed, heartbroken, and in need of a distraction, he picks a random house for his next private investigator prank, which turns out to be Tara's. The sheer improbability of this sequence confirms in Dave's mind that he is indeed seeing fate in action. He pursues Tara with even more fervor, and his persistence eventually pays off. After a romantic evening watching Godzilla, Dave & Tara start dating. Unfortunately for Dave, Tara just isn't ready for another relationship (and is a little put off by his puppy-dog-like attachment to her) and breaks up with Dave, who just can't seem to do anything right since he got laid off. Unemployed, single, depressed, he lashes out at Brandon. After a bit of soul searching and a failed private investigator prank, Dave ends up having an unexpected heart to heart with Brandon's mom. She gives him the perspective he needs and he realizes what he should do. Since he loved being a prank investigator so much, he should become a REAL private investigator! He also realizes he was acting like a jerk to his best friend, so he takes Brandon out for a drink to make it up to him. At the bar, he meets a new girl, Michelle. Could she be the one?
The lovely young star of a Broadway show is giving an interview to several newspaper writers and tells them about her wild life, parts of which involved "hula dancing" in Africa and an involvement with a dangerous Portuguese smuggler. Unbeknownst to her, the smuggler has showed up at the theater on that very night.
On the day before their holiday trip to Dubai, a wife who believes her husband is unfaithful enlists the help of Roohi, a young women sent by an agency to clean the house. She asks Roohi to make an appointment and gather information at the salon of the woman she suspects. Roohi is betrothed, innocent of marital discord. Over the course of the day, she, the couple, their small son, the wife's sister and husband, and the beautician engage in a series of exchanges, confrontations, and prevarications. Are the wife's suspicions unwarranted; is her behavior imperiling her marriage? Acts of kindness may go awry. And the trip to Dubai?
An attorney named William II Woodward, is most unfortunate in the selection of his stenographers, for no sooner do they become competent in his employ, when they resign their positions to be married. This happens so often, to the annoyance of Mr. Woodward, that he decides to draw up an article of agreement with the next stenographer to make sure he will not be left in the lurch again. The agreement reads as follows: "I, the undersigned, agree to work industriously in the capacity of stenographer for William II Woodward and I further agree not to get married and resign from my position. In testimony whereof we have set our hands and seals duly witnessed, etc." Among the applicants are several old maids who anxiously seek the position, but shy at signing the agreement, and it is not until Cynthia Temple, a beautiful young girl without love affairs, signs the agreement without hesitation, that Mr. Woodward enjoys peace of mind once more. Before long Cynthia has become indispensable to Mr. Woodward, who grows very fond of her. Cynthia, however, will not entertain his advances on account of the legalized document bearing her signature. As time rolls on he falls in love and on more than one occasion he regrets the drawing up of the agreement. One day while he is absent from the city an article appears in a newspaper amounting to a defamation of Mr. Woodward's character. Cynthia resents this most strenuously, interviews the editor and in a businesslike way convinces him that Mr, Woodward is a man of honor and veracity. The following day the newspaper publishes an article stating that Mr. Woodward was falsely accused and apologizing tor the mistake. This comes as a great relief to Mr. Woodward and upon learning that Cynthia defended his character so ably and well, he proposes to her, only to have the agreement again referred to. He becomes desperate, discovers that by one stroke of the pen he is able to change the wording of the agreement to suit the situation and thus hindrance is removed.
Zobel and Karl are a long time gay couple who live together in a trailer home with Lizzie, Zobel's spunky daughter from a heterosexual misadventure. Together these three form a team of thieves who eke out an existence as pickpockets. After a botched job, Karl becomes unable to work, forcing Zobel and Lizzie to seek out a new partner. Lizzie recruits Rudolf, the boyishly charming town misfit. Reluctantly, Zobel allows Rudolf to join them but warns him to never break the golden rule: "No exchanging of bodily fluids within the team." This dictum becomes increasingly difficult to live by as Lizzie's cravings and Zobel's own passions toward Rudolf intensify. Eventually, the golden rule is broken by Lizzie...and then again by Zobel (unbeknownst to Lizzie, of course). An intricate love triangle soon develops amongst the three that is shaped by deception, desire, and betrayal.
Following a breakdown, multi-lingual Jean quits his job as a UNESCO translator to become handyman at Emilie's hair salon. Smitten by her he writes her a love letter but she thinks it comes from an elderly admirer and sends it on to her mother Maddy, who needs cheering after her husband left. Eventually Maddy comes to the conclusion that Jean is her secret admirer and Emilie plays up to this to keep her mother content and sane. When Emile tells the truth neither Maddy or Jean are pleased but love eventually finds a way to make them all happy.
Policeman Vishal is shot when his boss bungles a raid on a boat. To avoid the wrath of Vishal's family, his boss hires a lookalike to stop their suspicions. But when the policeman's girlfriend Sapna falls in love with the 'new' Vishal, all sorts of trouble is caused. Watch as events unfold itself and what a negative impact this will have on Vishaul's family.
David is an accountant. He leaves town every Friday, pretending he is going to take care of his parents at their old people's home. But actually his parents are dead, and he spends the week-ends converting a chalet. He intends to live there with Lise, a woman he knows and loves since childhood. But Lise has just married another and has a baby. David's mad love does not see those facts as an obstacle...
Miranda and Ryan have been working together for years. Last night, what should have happened years ago finally happened. It was great, it was fantastic, like a dream! However, when they wake up in the morning, the dream is gone. Reality hurts. The situation is awkward, and they'll have to work it out...
A group of thirty-something lesbian friends lose out on opportunities and love as a result of being in the closet. When each woman hits her respective breaking point, they each join together to forge a pact to "come out" within thirty days in every significant relationship and/or situation in their life. They're ready to face the world but is the world ready?
Dr. Finn Jeffries plays a new stepmother to her deceased lover's daughter Zelly. She also took over her lover's abortion clinic that is being protested by increasingly violent "pro-lifer's". The movie covers, teenage angst, death threats, abortion issues and love. All in all, interesting drama.
It is 300 years into the future. Earth's environment had been devastated by mankind's own foolish plans and humankind is beleaguered by the sentient forests which they have awoken. The world balance is tipped when a young boy named Agito stumbles across a machine that glowed in a strange blue hue inside a forbidden sanctuary. The machine, which has preserved a beautiful girl named Tula from the past, is activated. Tula has a "mission" that had been entrusted to her by the past ...
William Banks is a drifting con artist who's car breaks down in a small Louisiana town. In an attempt to repair his car, he meets a crafty vixen named Charlotte who learns about the $87,000 in cash he ripped off from various people across the country. She plots to steal the money and skip town. But Charlotte's boyfriend Tyler also learns about the money and plots to rip Charlotte off so he can leave town with the cash for himself. In a story in which all the characters are nothing but villains, only the strongest and smartest of the villains will get away with it.
The Prince, Don Ramiro (who has changed places with his valet, Dandini), meets Cenerentola and they are instantly attracted to each other. When the Philosopher, Alidoro, later takes Cenerentola (dressed in magnificent clothing) to the palace, Dandini (still posing as the prince) tries to talk of love to her, but Cenerentola rejects him, saying that she is in love with his 'valet'. Ramiro, who has overheard this comment, is overjoyed, and immediately proposes to her, but Cenerentola says that he must first seek her out and then, if he still felt the same way, she would marry him. She gives him one of a matching pairs of bracelets, telling him to look for its companion on her right arm (she then leaves the palace). Ramiro ends the masquerade, and he and Dandini resume their true identities. The Prince then sets out on his quest - little realising that destiny, in the form of a violent thunderstorm, is about to take a hand in the affair.
The film takes us through the personal experiences of a young man named Christopher as he examines his heart breaking relationship with his ex-girlfriend Rebecca and his new relationship with Chloe, who like Christopher, comes carrying her own baggage. We see the closeness they develop together and times they share. Unlike most romantic dramas, there is an unexpected ending. The underlying theme is the pleasure and pain of love.
After falling miserably on the set of their first 'talkie' Mary Pickford (America's sweetheart) and Louise Brooks (the vamp) vow never to another film again. Out of work and past their prime, they become roommates in Brooklyn. Stuck in her role as America's sweetheart, and both of them still living as though in a silent film, Mary's resentment of Louise's antics goes politely unspoken until, threatened with the loss of her one true love, Mary must face her fears and expose the rusty, unused voice inside her if she is ever to get what she wants.
A woman living in a small town discovers after fifty years that she is actually a man. Will she change her sex and suffer the reaction of a narrow-minded society ?
Jim is all about looking good and impressing others unlike his wife who always seems to dress frumpy, hiding her beautiful figure. Jim decides to get some help from his co-worker, who knows how to dress sexy. When Jim comes home from work, he's surprised with a sexy fashion show by Sandy and Kathy, showing off all their "altered" outfits much to his delight.
Tongues begin to wag when a lonely widow becomes romantically involved with a military man. Problems arise when the gossip is filtered down to her own children.
"Niagra, Niagra" begins quietly in a drugstore in Poughkeepsie, where Marcie, the film's disarming heroine, likes to shoplift. She literally crashes into Seth, a quiet outsider, also on a shoplifting spree. Marcie invites Seth to accompany her to Canada to find a black hairstyling head. They set off in Seth's beat-up station wagon, destined for a toy store in Toronto. While on the road, Marcie confides to Seth that she has Tourette's syndrome, necessitating a series of detours to liquor stories and pharmacies along the roads of upstate New York.
Steve is not a super hero, Steve is a 'Non-super'. The world around him, including his girlfriend are all super heroes. Which makes her the man in the relationship in many ways. So Steve decides with the help of one of his super 'hero' friends that he will get some powers too
Carlos is a man who goes to a coffee shop-library to take a cup, where Irene is reading a book. Not a reason for it, Irene close to Carlos and talks with him, starting a friendship with a little rules: no pasts, no birth names, no modern ways to contact between them (as Internet or similar), and finally not falling in love each other. Calling themselves Hada Chalada ('Crazy Fairy') and Duende Chiflado ('Mad Goblin'), both pass the days walking around the city engaged with magic, surrealist and funnies conversations about life, love and themselves, at the same time that Carlos tries to end his new script with his friend Cristóbal, and eccentric writer obsessed with Japan. But the good feeling between Carlos and Irene ends suddenly when Irene discovers that Carlos is really the husband of María, new lover of Jorge, Irene's boyfriend, who recently split with her in favor of Carlos' wife. When casually the four coincide in the same place, Carlos must be confront his feelings by Irene with his marriage with María, meanwhile Irene faces Jorge by his love affair...
A man is convicted of killing his boss, whom he suspected of having an affair with his wife. On board the train taking him to prison for his execution are a reporter, who is dying of lung cancer and wants to interview the condemned man--and who also has some inside knowledge of the circumstances of the man's case. Also aboard is the prisoner's wife, who doesn't believe her husband is a killer and desperately wants to talk to him about it but he refuses to speak to her.
Franciszek Brodniewicz reprises the role of Duke Waldermar Michorowski he played in the 1936 "Tredowata." Here, he leaves his recluse existence to help rescue the victims of a great fire, and suffers severe injuries. In his delirious state, he believes he is being taken care of by his dead wife, and (amara Wiszniewska, who is serving as his nurse, thinks his statements of love are meant for her. He is subsequently forced to disillusion the girl when he becomes normal, and she drifts into a casual love affair, but later falls in love with the Duke's nephew, (Wojciech Wojtecki.) The Duke later takes his nephew's place in a duel with the rejected suitor.
Iago and a comrade-in-arms are outside the Venice home of Desdemona's father, who does not yet know that she has eloped with Othello. Iago confides to his friend -- who had hoped to marry Desdemona -- that he serves Othello to further his own ends. Venice needs Othello to protect its commercial interests in Cyprus where the Turkish fleet is headed. Desdemona insists on going to Cyprus, too. In Cyprus, Iago plots to convince Othello that Desdemona has betrayed him with Cassio. A lot more than political ambition seems to be motivating Iago.
Izabella Scorupco plays Carla, who is a con-artist somewhere in medieval Sweden. Carla is disguised as a man and she is selling a "product" called Petri tårar (Tears of St. Peter). This product cures every sickness. In order to promote her product she promises to wake up from the dead all citizens of the town who have died within the last ten years. Both the bishop and the mayor are alarmed as they fear loss of influence over them and try to work against Carla. There are also many citizens who don't want to see their "loved ones" wake up from the dead. In order to make things more confusing, Carla and the son of the mayor, Mark, fall in love with each other.
Romeo and Juliet (2013) by Emily Hamel is a collage motion graphics animation incorporating gouache elements and photography. It is a re-interpretation of the William Shakespeare classic told with sea creatures in an underwater setting somewhere off the Gulf Coast. Composed from found on-line images, gouache paintings, watercolor, and photography, the film takes an iconic tragedy of Western Literature and returns it to its absurd and comedic roots.
In "Rx for Murder" and "Rx Murder" in the USA (and not "RX" in either country), American doctor Jethro Jones comes into a quiet English seaside resort to investigate the activities of its leading medical doctor, Henry Dysert. He learns from Miss Bettyhill, the town-gossip, and others that 'the good doctor' might not be all that good, since each of his three wives (only one at a time), Louise, Charlotte and Stella, had mysterious and tragic deaths. The non-gossiping townsmen had regarded the three deaths, each of which left Doctor Dysert in better financial shape, as unfortunate personal tragedies. Jason has only a short time to prove that Dysert was a multiple wife-killer, since Kitty Mortlock appears to be the next designated victim, and Jason has fallen in love with her himself.
Martial arts legend Jackie Chan stars as Jack, a world-renowned archaeologist who has begun having mysterious dreams of a past life as a warrior in ancient China. When a fellow scientist enlists his help locating the mausoleum of China's first emperor, the past collides violently with the present as Jack discovers his amazing visions are based in fact. Assisted by the spirit of a noble princess...
Another in the continuing adventures of Detective Nick Harris ('Walter Miller (I)' (qv)), in which he investigates the kidnapping of the young wife of a businessman. Clues point to the partner of the businessman but Harris finally (after 22 minutes) proves the culprit was her half-brother and he and his confederate are trapped in a gun-battle with the police.
There's a bar with a magnificent entrance, but the business here is not wine. SANG, the owner of the bar, also owns a singer, LUNA. This singer is not like anybody else on this planet, her voice seems to possess the magic power that could make every man fall in love with her. However, she is not meant to be loved as she does not have emotions and will not love them back. Eventually, men give up their love for Luna by giving Sang their tears after they smoke her cigars. LEON, a once cold, relentless syndicate associate, works for the Big Boss. Like every other man, he enters this mysterious bar one day, and his life changes since - he goes on an unknown journey ever since that night, a journey filled with desires and conscience, dignity and sacrifice, trust and betrayal...He may be that special one in that bar, but all this could end up to be a cruel joke. There's no way of finding out, only destiny.
Thamizh's love that develops gradually, damaging relationship with his cousin in the process, gets torn around the lovers' conflicting ideas of where his family fits in their nucleus of life. The lover gets married to the estranged cousin, Thamizh gets a wife he considers he is blessed to have had and just when things appear to be settling down, a devastating turn of events shakes his family apart. In his quest for reason, he learns his cousin had something to do with it and teaches the ones involved a 'costly' lesson.
For abstract artist James, new-found success brings more than just fame and notoriety. Paranoia sets in as his once peaceful and clandestine life becomes claustrophobic. James' agent offers his unused loft as a private workspace, but the distraction is short-lived. Fantasies become nightmares once James stops seeing things as they truly are. His feverish pursuit of perfection culminates in the horrific revelation of the truth behind his delusions of love.
In the summer of 2010, an accordionist, in his forties, Mr Pugh, unable to make money with his busking in the city, is prompted by a coupon offer to try the seaside instead. Maybe he can have a holiday and even find love? On his journey to the sea the accident-prone Mr Pugh meets a young fairground entertainer, Jane, who he enchants with his music - whilst annoying others. This is a gentle seaside comedy with minimal dialogue and melodious music, which catches the mood of an English seaside with its children and dogs, the old, the young and the eccentric.
Josh Baker meets a very special woman, Cheryl, in the streets of New York. Suddenly she collapses, and she's picked up by an ambulance. When Josh wants to visit her in the hospital, it appears that she hasn't been admitted in the hospital. Josh follows the roommate of Cheryl, and she disappears after a ride in the same ambulance. It's up to Josh to solve the secret behind this strange vehicle.
When Germany gets a new Chancellor, a high-ranking Russian-Jewish diplomat puts his career - and his life - on the line to convince complacent and greedy political leaders of Hitler's murderous intentions before it is too late. REDS meets MISSION IMPOSSIBLE when a startling bit of "lost" history is revealed to us through the memories of Ivy Low, the feisty, outspoken widow of Maxim Litvinov, Bolshevik revolutionary, Russian diplomat, and the only Jew in Stalin's inner circle. The story focuses specifically on Maxim Litvinov's race against the clock to stop Hitler, as Litvinov alone among the world's leadership fully grasps the magnitude of what is about to happen.
The power of words and images to open hearts. Helen runs, miles a day, to burn off energy: she's an emotional celibate. Going through the post at her shop, she finds a romantic and poetic letter between the couch cushions, unsigned, and thinks it's for her. It melts her resistance to feelings, and soon she undertakes an affair with Johnny, a collegiate employee. (He sees the letter and thinks she wrote it to him; he quotes some of it, so she thinks he wrote it to her.) In the background are Helen's long-time friend, George, who loves her, and her mother who abruptly left on a long trip months' before. Discovering who actually wrote the letter brings insight and promise.
During the California gold rush, four unsuccessful miners assume that a woman prospector will give in without a fight, so they jump the claim of Kate Kenner and take her gold away from her. Afterward, although she is Sheriff Dan Deering's sweetheart, Kate decides to take the law into her own hands. Donning the trademark black mask of Silver Spurs, the noted bandit, Kate holds up the saloon where the crooks have stored the gold. As she makes her getaway, however, Dan catches her, and after unmasking her, is astonished to discover Silver Spur's true identity. The town puts Kate on trial immediately and a guilty verdict seems assured until the real Silver Spurs, who had greatly admired the masquerade, himself steals the gold and leaves a note exonerating Kate. Then, taking time out from his sheriff's duty, Dan, instead of pursuing Silver Spurs, starts making plans with Kate for their wedding.
Tommy and Sam get into a fight after sending a love letter to Belinda at the same time during a Math exam and decide to settle this in a race on Death Hill after their teacher breaks up the fight. Belinda waves the race flag on the day and Love wins.
When Astrid Payne, an unemployed hairdresser, turns dominatrix for a weekend, she discovers she's not very fierce. But to her only client, Terrence, the worst punishment may be none at all. Does he need a good spanking or a good therapist? Or do both of them just need a little romance in their lives?
In sixteenth century Padua, Hortensio loves Bianca, the youngest daughter of Baptista. But Baptista will not allow the two to get married until his eldest daughter, the extremely headstrong Katherine, is betrothed. This task seems impossible because of Katherine's shrewish demeanor. They believe their prayers have been answered with the arrival from Verona of the lusty Petruchio, whose father has just passed, leaving him to travel the world and marry. Having not yet met her, Petruchio agrees to court Katherine when he is told of her beauty and wit. Petruchio is even more excited at the prospect of marrying this wildcat of a woman after meeting her. Katherine will have none of it, even if it means her sister's spinsterhood, but has no choice but to marry him. Beyond the fact of the marriage itself, Katherine is even more irked by Petruchio's less than conventional behavior at the ceremony and post ceremony bridal feast. Each starts to play what they consider sly games of oneupsmanship with each other to gain the upper hand in the marriage.
Mired in the nervous desperation of Havana, Raul dreams of escaping to Miami. When accused of assault, his only option is to flee. He appeals to his best friend, Elio, to abandon everything and help him reach his destiny, 90 miles across the ocean. Elio's commitment is tested when he is torn between protecting his sister and his own desire to get out. On this one night, full of hope and fraught with tensions, they face the biggest challenge of their lives.
It is 1956 and the undead are rising from their graves. As the zombies make their through the woods and fields of rural Maryland, two lovers will cross paths with the wandering horde and get more than they bargained for when their peaceful drive down an old country road turns into a run for their lives! Wake up little Suzie, Johnny's gone and it's time to shake, rattle, and roll out... A tale of love, jealousy, music, meat, leather, and brains... this is a tale that's sure to leave your boots shakin', and your socks hoppin'!!! Chomp, crackle, snap, squirt.
A terror suspense short about a couple on a romantic getaway. They keep seeing a vagrant person on the property when nobody else is supposed to be up there. They see the vagrant walking away from them after rummaging and scavenging on the property; they attempt to confront him after being pushed to the limit.
Set in 1943, the film deals with the battle of Lenino, even though not openly stated. Central to the story are three recruits to the 2nd Polish Army: Pawel, who is listed as Soviet soldier since September of 1939, Andrzej, who joned this second army from General Anders' troops, and Ernest, a Silesian deserter from Wehrmacht.
Jan Froman is a young man with ambitions for the future. He gets a job as an lowly janitor at a bank, but with inherited money he starts to buy and sell real estate which eventually increases in value, competing with bank itself. He falls in love with Margareta, whose father is a navy admiral.
While a virus that causes the dead to reanimate brings the world to its knees, the scientist responsible entrusts his cataclysmic findings to Katya Nevin, a troubled ex-war correspondent turned anchor-woman at W.W News. While she and the rest of her crew witness the collapse of society via video feeds from around the globe, a deadly special agent climbs the building floor by floor, his only goal to ensure her silence. Armed only with information and an indomitable will to live, Katya must overcome her crippling anxiety and learn to lead in order to make it out of the studio and into a terrifying new world where only the dead survive.
Zackry is yet again affected by an evil force of nature, this time it's The Whispers. Once they've taken over your body there is nothing you can do. Their only goal is to destroy the human kind so that the world can live in peace again. Zackry uses his Canon camera to communicate with the rest of the world by uploading videos on YouTube and to make sure the human kind survives.
A vampire story set in England's underground rave scene. The online serial follows the last hours of freedom of local soldier Ed, who is flying out to Iraq in the morning. With the help of his best friend Necro, he spends his last night in the UK tracking down his missing girlfriend Jen, last seen partying with a bizarre group of hardcore night-time ravers led by the mysterious Melech. But as he catches up with Jen at a party, Ed discovers that Melech's crowd, who are hosting the event, are looking for more than a night of fun, and that not everyone will make it through to dawn.
Murder. Mayhem. Rubber chickens. Curry was once a lovable clown with a variety show, until he was lead down a dark path by fellow entertainer, Viagra the Venomous. Consumed by evil and revenge, Curry went a spree against his former love, Penny, and anyone else who got in his way. Now, decades later, a reformed Curry, fresh out of prison, tries to become accepted by the public once more.
In this sequel to the 1990 move "Class of 1999", the future is still a violent metropolis where gangs rule the hallways and themes like education and higher learning are a mere memory. Jenna McKensie is a young, sweet high school teacher who witnesses the killing of one of her students by lethal gang member, Sanders. Jenna wants to testify, but Sanders and his group use intimidation and fear as a means to keep Jenna from talking to the authorities, which greatly upsets her boyfriend Emmett who wants to stomp Sanders and his gang out. Though Jenna refuses to be intimidated, she begins to ponder whether or not her actions will improve things at the decaying high school where she works. Enter John Bolen, a stone faced substitute teacher who is not predisposed with putting up with crap like his fellow faculty members are. John is definitely a teacher who believes in discipline...extremely strict discipline. When students are out of line to the point where the principal can't control them, John takes it upon himself to show student's the meaning of the term "Out of School Suspension". Jenna takes a liking to the silent, stoic substitute and feels she has found a comrade who is willing to listen to her problems. When Sanders and his gang attempt to do harm to Jenna, John shows up in the nick of time and defends her. Seeing that Sanders and his crew have no respect for authority or the faculty, John decides that it's time to take matters into his own hands to deal with these 'problem students'. As the bodies start piling up, Emmett and the local sheriff learn that an ex-C.I.A. operative named Gordon Ash is in town and is tailing John. It turns out that John isn't an ordinary teacher after all: he is actually the last of a group of cybernetic military fighting machines who were reprogrammed to teach students in the worst schools and those who misbehave are to be strongly disciplined. And it just so happens, that Sanders and his group are at the top of John's "Termination" list. But then, something screws around with John's mainframe and pretty soon, he's targeting everyone for deletion...even Jenna. Can Jenna find a way to stop her protector before he demolishes the whole school?
A mental hospital, faced with a severe decrease in funding, is forced to release mass-murderer Ethel Janowski into a halfway house. Ethel is psychotic, delusional and has a hefty appetite. In fact, her killing spree began 13 years before with the murder of her grandmother, who had forced her to go on a diet. Now that she's tasted the home-cooked fare at the halfway house, she'll do absolutely anything to get more.
"She's Bad, She's Blonde, She's Lunch." A couple hold up a store to pay the rent, then take an ill-fated trip to Lover's Lane, where they meet a man involved in genetic research. "Cardinal Sin." A young man escapes into Hustler fantasies and must avoid his overbearing and religious mom. Eventually he ameliorates his situation. "Pet Shop of Death." A henpecked husband goes to a specialty pet store to get something to help free him up so he can pursue his neighbor. "Last Love." A psychiatrist is forlorn over the loss of her husband, and takes steps to make her affair with his ghost more permanent. "What Goes Around..." A composer who can't create music since the death of his wife and child finds new inspiration from the affair with a femme fatale. But she has a price.
Draven Noir is a vampire with a gift. One day out of the year he gets to walk in the sunlight. The only catch is that to do it again the next year he must save the life of a vision he sees before the next day. If he fails then he is doomed to the darkness forever. This year he must use he fast gun and quick tongue to figure out how to save the life of someone who is already dead.
During a visit to an abandoned town on the mountains in Italy, five friends bring back to light an ancient relic found nearby an old monastery. From that moment, the villagers of the ghost town come back to life to hunt them down. A blind priest will try to save their lives, but what are his real intentions? Who is watching them everywhere they go?
Five strangers board a train and are joined by a mysterious fortune teller who offers to read their Tarot cards. Five separate stories unfold: An architect returns to his ancestral home to find a werewolf out for revenge; a doctor discovers his new wife is a vampire; a huge plant takes over a house; a musician gets involved with voodoo; an art critic is pursued by a disembodied hand.
On December 28th, 1999, the citizens of New York City are getting ready for the turn of the millennium. However, the Devil decides to crash the party by coming to the city, inhabiting a man's body, and searching for his chosen bride, a 20-year-old woman named Christine York. If he bears her child between 11:00 PM and midnight on New Year's Eve, the world will end, and the only hope lies within an atheist ex-cop named Jericho Cane, who no longer believes in God because of the murder of his wife and daughter.
Frightmares begins with "They're Alive," the story of a young art collector who adds some vintage mannequins to his collection. As dark falls, it seems the mannequins have ghostly spirits trapped inside them, causing them to speak and haunt the dreams of the young artist. But is he really dreaming? "Silent Night, Evil Night" is a Christmas horror story about a father who wraps a mysterious gift under the tree, commanding his son to stay away until "it's time." Finally, "You or Me" tells the story of two school friends meeting by accident in the middle of the night. One offers his home to spend the night to the other, but they each begin having nightmares that the other is trying to kill them...dreams and reality seem to intersect. The sheer creep factor of ongoing madness ensues throughout Frightmares.
Johnny is a photographer who enjoys rape and murder as well. Nadia comes to see him to do some modeling work, but ends up being raped and killed. Johnny suffers from horrible nightmares and sleep-paralysis, and is being hunted in his dreams by a girl in white. But are the dreams in fact reality? Sleep-paralysis is a terrifying phenomenon where your nightmares seems to come alive in front of you, and they have been reported for thousands of years. Who are those entities that come and visit people in the night, trying to rape them, strangle them and kill them?
A group of small-town teens looking to drink a ton of beer in peace at a remote cabin in the woods find their party nearly ruined when they're stalked by the deranged Driller Killer in this horror/comedy featuring Cracked.com's Michael Swaim.
Three city guys in a Quebecois winter cottage are surprised by a mysterious beast in the basement. They try their best to get rid of it but soon learn that those little buggers are much tougher than they appear. Who will vanquish? This cruel comedy poses a cynical view on man's hunter instincts and the duality between compassion and the desire to overcome.
The history. The basis of the tale. Isabel finds herself alone in an isolated spot. Her safety is threatened with the arrival of a mysterious stranger who, by challenging her set ideas, makes her lose her mind. But she has a loaded hunting rifle. A weapon which she can use. A weapon which provides her with the sense of security of which her fear has deprived her. But her husband Gonzalo comes to look for her before the argument leads to more. And then the unexpected occurs leading to an even worse solution: Gonzalo can't see the stranger.
The chess player Raúl invites his estranged wife Ana and his son Nico to travel with him during Christmas to an isolated cabin in a snowy mountain expecting to reconcile with her. On the arrival, Raúl asks the landlord someone to help to chop wood for the family and the helpful carpenter Samuel comes to the house and cut the wood. When Raúl sees his wife giving attention of Samuel, he becomes jealous and his paranoid mind makes him believe that Ana is having a love affair with Samuel. On the Christmas Eve, Raúl invites Samuel to spend the night with his family. Soon Raúl discovers the truth about the Ana and Samuel and what happened during the Christmas dinner.
Any given day, events are set in place like dominoes. When you make a choice, it creates its own chain of events which will inevitably lead to your demise. Your choices can prolong said outcome, but for how long? What else has an influence over your final day?
First, take an awful and unsolved murder, in a costly Paris flat. Add a police officer, who will try to unthread this strange case, a mix of everyday life and paranormal events. And there, on top of the cake, put a janitor who will keep all the place tidy !
DEAD CENTER: One week after the events of Left 4 Dead begin (October 7, 2009), the four survivors "Coach", Ellis, Nick, and Rochelle meet on the roof of The Vannah hotel, but just barely miss the helicopter rescue. Stuck in Savannah, Georgia, they scavenge for some weapons and make their way to Whitaker's Gun Shop. Whitaker lets them take whatever guns they want from his store if they break into a nearby store and bring him a 6-pack of cola. In exchange, he clears a roadblock for them with a rocket launcher from his roof. The survivors make their way to the nearby Liberty Mall, where they fill up the gas tank of Jimmy Gibbs Jr.'s stock car on display, and drive out of the mall's front doors. THE PASSING: At night, the survivors arrive at a raised bridge in the port town of Rayford, Georgia. The survivors who are already there, Louis, Francis, and Zoey, tell them that they'll have to get to the other side of the bridge by going under the river, through a half-finished historic tour. On the other side, the new survivors collect gas cans to fill a generator that can lower the bridge, while Zoey, Francis, and Louis provide covering fire from the waves of infected. When the bridge lowers, they escape Rayford and head west. DARK CARNIVAL: The survivors must stop, however, when they encounter Interstate 16 in Griffin County completely blocked for miles by abandoned cars. They go off on foot down an exit, through a motel, and arrive at Whispering Oaks Amusement Park. There, they crawl through a drained Tunnel of Love, spot a helicopter, and run the Screaming Oak roller coaster to a safe room. Soon after, they arrive at the Peach Pit Stadium, where the Midnight Riders were scheduled to perform a rock concert. To get the attention of the helicopter pilot, they turn on the stage's lights and play a recording of the Midnight Riders' songs, and fight zombies to hard Southern Rock. The helicopter sees them and provides a rescue. SWAMP FEVER: Unfortunately, like the pilot that Zoey had to shoot earlier, this helicopter pilot also becomes infected after rescuing the survivors, and Nick shoots him. They crash land nearby Wilsons Gas Station, on the outskirts of Village En Marais, Louisiana. After trekking through Earl's Gator Village and the swamp all night, they arrive at a plantation house as the sun is rising. There, they use a radio to call for the help of Virgil, a kind Cajun man with a boat. After fighting some waves of infected, Virgil arrives and blows up the wooden fence so the survivors can run to his boat. HARD RAIN: Traveling down the Mississippi River, Virgil's boat runs low on diesel fuel. At Ducatel, Mississippi, Virgil sends the survivors ashore to find more gas for his boat. Nick - or someone - forgot the gun bag though, which also had a flare gun in it to signal Virgil with. With the closest gas station all out of gas, the survivors make their way through the town (in a light drizzle) to the Ducatel Sugar Company and sugar mill. On the other side of the sugar cane field is Ducatel Diesel, where the gas for Virgil's boat is. By this time, the rain has gotten heavier, and a storm is starting. The survivors make their way all the way back to the Burger Tank restaurant where they started, and turn on its rotating sign to signal Virgil. The bright sign in the rain storm attracts infected, but the survivors hold out until Virgil arrives. THE PARISH: In the final campaign, Virgil drops the survivors off in New Orleans, a few miles away from the Veterans Memorial Bridge. After passing through a market, a park, a bus station, an impound lot full of alarmed cars, a cemetery, and a jazz club, the survivors are finally at the bridge. They pick up a handheld radio left behind by a dead soldier, and hear from some military helicopter pilots on the other side that they must lower the bridge to get across. In a final gauntlet crescendo event, they run across the bridge and to the waiting helicopter. After Coach, Rochelle, Nick and Ellis are safely in the helicopter, the military blows the bridge up to prevent the infection from spreading. The survivors are taken to a fleet of cruise ships being used as safe havens for other survivors until the infection dies out.
The story of Legion focuses on Jonathan and Sarah, a couple who are about to reunite after Jonathan's work forced them to be apart for several months. Sarah has a special night planned for Jonathan, but when the reunion is interrupted by an encounter with something not of this earth, Sarah has to fight to save the man she loves.
Hao Dong suffers from insomnia. One night he sees his neighbour across the street getting murdered. But when he arrives at the scene to investigate, the body has disappeared and the apartment turns out to be vacant. His girlfriend Yifan believes lack of sleep is playing tricks on his mind. Then he is witness to yet another murder, this time in his hometown of Nine Mile Village, and once again he appears to have imagined it all. Or is there something more going on? Does Hao Dong's childhood in Nine Mile Village hold the key to this mystery?
When his conservatory denies him funding for his latest film project, Dan takes matters into his own hands, stealing school equipment and dragging along 4 of his friends to help him shoot a documentary on Minnesota's Infamous North Woods for answers regarding its many secrets but upon there arrival they unearth something sinister and soon discover that they are not alone and the very answers they where looking for have been hidden all these
In SÃ£o Paulo - Brazil, because of high crime rates, buildings have guard shacks as a security measure. This story is about a doorman who works on one of these buildings - a residential one - and spends most of his time inside its guard shack. Religious messages are pumping on his radio, a reality for many Brazilians. This man will face the materialization of his fears and guilt. Based on real events.
Murderous demons are invading the kingdom and slaughtering people late at night. Soon they dominated the castle and conquered the whole land. A powerful slain Warlord is the leader of the demons, and it is looking dark for the kingdom. You are a mighty Samurai summoned by the Princess to save everyone. Now only you can slay the evil demons and banish them to Hell. Go forth and save the land...
A top-secret military base becomes infected with an extra terrestial parasite, devouring human flesh and turning its victims into walking dead. The base is put on lock down and all connections to outside world are severed. Now, seven survivors must face the horrors inside the base and uncover the sinister secret behind the outbreak....
Three survivors of a zombie outbreak (caused by an alien virus) intercepted by the authorities and thrown straight back into the now quarantined town. The trio, an ex pro-wrestler named John West (Pablo Parés), medical student Bill (Pablo Parés), and a nerd called Max (Hernán Sáez), fend off the undead whilst trying to figure out a way to escape their predicament.
Five doctors go on vacation deep in the Canadian wilderness. After all but one pair of the party's shoes disappear, the remaining shoed camper decides to hike out and go look for help. Soon after he leaves, however, his four companions realizes that something is very wrong when someone leaves a decapitated deer head just outside their camp. Even though they still don't have their shoes, they decide to follow their friend's trail out of the woods, but their path is blocked by someone who doesn't want to see them leave the forest alive.
Gathered at an abandoned mental institution, six friends embark on an innocent game of 'Sardines'. The rules seem simple: one person hides, the rest seek. But as the friends begin disappearing, they soon realize that they're only real search, is for a way out.
When Marian Longosi goes into hiding to escape her abusive ex-boyfriend she takes a job house-sitting. This results in her acquiring a canine with some odd habits as roommate. The small town seems safe enough but first, but Maria soon learns there's a black bear on the loose and then the police find the body of slaughtered man. To top it all off Jeff, her ex, is doing everything he can to keep in touch. Has Maria really found the safety she's been seeking in this small town or will her new fierce protector prove to be more dangerous than anyone would dare to guess? There's only rule when caring for this canine: Don't let her out after dark!
B-movie Scream Queen Dana Lewis is tired of playing the helpless victim in straight-to-video movies and dreams of becoming a serious actress. After getting her "big break" as the lead in an independent film, the Scream Queen is forced to work on location in the Mojave Desert where she gets more than she bargained for - an obsessed fan as the director and a cast and crew of local weirdos. Under contract, Dana is forced to act in the movie and face her secret fear that she has no talent.
A man closes up a lecture hall; he reaches into a box and snips the string holding a gaunt puppet. Released, the puppet warily explores the darkened rooms about him. Screws twist out of objects and move about. A boy doll catches light with a mirror, shining it around: he spotlights the gaunt explorer. An adult female doll stands with breasts exposed. Mechanical spools and wheels turn. The gaunt man investigates. Four doll men surround him, dress him in colorful clothes, invite him to look inside displays that include drawings of penile skeletons. Female dolls awkwardly rotate their arms from broken shoulders. The gaunt man watches. Bruno Schultz is quoted.
In the year 1978 a young college student by the name of Amy (Hereon known as Bad Amy) has an encounter with another student. She leaves the campus in an angry fit and runs down to the bay to "cool off". There she is accosted by an evil man who ties her to a post to drown. Amy comes back in the morgue and heads back to the campus to exact revenge.
The Dragger is the diabolic specter of a woman who has killed several children in the past.
Two pretty but ditsy American girls are on a road trip through Europe. In Germany, they end up alone at night with a broken car in the woods. They search for help and find an isolated villa. The next day, they awaken to find themselves trapped in a terrifying makeshift basement hospital along with a Japanese man. An older German man identifies himself as a retired surgeon specialized in separating Siamese twins. However, his three "patients" are not about to be separated but joined together in a horrific operation. He plans to be the first person to connect people via their gastric systems. By doing so, he plans to bring to life his sick lifetime fantasy, the human centipede.
In a small town named Sleepy Hollow, a gangly schoolteacher named Icabod Crane comes to town. Despite his unattractive appearance, he quickly proves to be a ladies man who charms the local beauty, much to the local tough, Brom Bones', displeasure. A subtle rivalry erupts, only to have Crane continually gaining the upper hand. The situation changes when Brom learns of Crane's superstitions and exploits them as he musically tells the legend of the fearsome Headless Horseman to frighten the teacher. That night, Crane's lonely night ride home becomes more lively than he ever imagined as the Horseman appears to chase him.
Gabriel Hunt is a successful horror novelist who's lost his muse. Unable to finish the sequel to the frightening novel that made him famous, he's fallen on desperate times. There is only one way he can save his flailing career - he must call forth the dark muse that inspired the first novel. But, Gabriel's muse comes with a price. Once he evokes it, terrifying things start to happen. Gabriel fears that this time he may have written his own ending.
A runner decides to go on a jog on the night of Halloween. Rapidly, his jog shifts into a chase for survival when something begins to stalk him. Good must defeat evil to survive this tale. To succeed, he must outrun and battle, The Nobodies.
Seven students answer an advertisement to participate in an experiment to explore how the sensation of pain can be eliminated. Arriving at a secluded institute, they are welcomed by mysterious scientist JB Divay. Initially, JB's fascination with hypnosis, clocks and cactus plants are dismissed by the group as mere eccentricities. But as the students begin to disappear one by one, they begin to question JB's true intentions. In a final showdown, plucky Jason confronts JB over her deranged practices only to discover boyfriend Kyle strapped to a table beneath JB's final experiment, inches away from the razor's edge...
At a small, rural British lab, monomaniac Dr. Laird and his staff create ultra-intense magnetic fields. Inexplicably, the apparatus seems to be affecting distant objects, and to be drawing "extra power" from...somewhere. One night, after a "freak" storm, strange and deadly things start happening in Bryerly Woods, and a strange man from "a long way off" appears in the district...concerned about Laird's pulling down disaster from the skies.
Five friends go into the woods on a tip that something something is going to happen and unfortunately for them, it does. One goes missing and the others are left to try and find him, while avoiding thugs and dealing with hallucinations and flashbacks. They can't go to the authorities, they don't know who's after them, and they don't know who to trust. All they have are theories....
At a house party, Jesse makes his rounds from girl to girl, using his patented series of pick-up lines that have worked for him in the past. It is apparent to the ladies that his style and sincerity are questionable. When he migrates over to Linda, and begins to make a connection, a mysterious hand is seen slipping LSD into his drink. Jesse's mind and soul crosses over into a dark, horrible realm as the unnerving drug kicks into effect. His pleasant party turns into a night of horrors and hallucinations as he tries to survive in the dark, mysterious house, haunted by a tormenting ghoul, murder victims, vampire vixens, and the quaker ghost.
Set against the backdrop of a shifting city, Mei, a wealthy Shanghai housewife, becomes increasingly haunted by the ghost of the daughter she once aborted. Mei must confront this beautiful terror or risk losing connection with her living son.
After a recurring dream Séverine decides she needs to get away from her boyfriend Tom for a couple of days. Tom makes a deal with a man he meets at a bar: Séverine will be kidnapped. Tom rescues her from the clutches of the kidnappers, and will become her savior. However what Tom does not know is that his new made friend has a different plan with Séverine. Faced with violent criminals and her own primal fears, Séverine is pulled into a brutal game of unfulfilled desire and the search for true love.
The crew of the TV show "Real TV" with controlling boss Gunnar on the front line will soon begin production of a reality show for which participants are selected to survive in the wilderness. Gunnar has gathered a production team of four people: The friends Lasse and Per , the Swedish girl Elin and the new girl Sara. To test his new employees, Gunnar takes them to a log cabin where he used to spend summers as a kid. The cabin is located far away from civilisation, hidden in the dark, mysterious woods. The team has to make it through a weekend, finding food that nature has to offer, and neither cellular phones nor cigarettes are allowed. When Lasse and Per find a dead body in a lake near the cottage, the group is being tested. Gunnar is suggesting that they should continue the weekend without mentioning anything to Sara and Elin about what they found. But soon the team experiences some escalating incidents which lead to paranoia, accusations and mistrust.
In a gory homage to the 80's teen-slasher flicks, Waste Disposal is a scary urban legend. Emma (Julie Grant - Solitude) is getting ready for a wild night out with the girls, but the far from normal friendly-neighbourhood serial-killer Mr X (Rob Talbot - Season of the Witch; Dementia) is about to change all that. Taking advantage of an opportunist moment, he attacks Emma and uses his new waste disposal unit to dispose of the evidence in a way that is sure to void the Warranty. WASTE DISPOSAL is a dark, disturbing little shocker with a brutal twist in the tale that will have you sleeping with the lights on - and never be able to have a bath by yourself again.
Emma is a country girl who left for the big city only to return years later with big problems. And when she returns to her childhood home deep in the Arkansas mountains for some well needed rest, relaxation, and soul searching, her problems have only just begun. A bloodthirsty werewolf emerges from the woods to lay siege to the area, ravaging anything in its path and revealing a sinister underworld that most never knew existed. With a full moon hanging over the area, Emma is plunged into a fight not only for her life, but for her very soul...
A supernatural horror film that explores the dark worlds of mental illness, incest, revenge and death. We follow Tanya as she searches for the mother she has never met - Susan who gave her up for dead after being abused by her own father. Tanya returns from the dead to confront and possess Susan with all her deepest fears and desires, sending Susan into a state of madness and gore filled retribution.
ZOMBIE BANKERS is a quirky black comedy that examines the predatory lending practices of the US banking system. As the film opens, Carson Drew is feeding his bloodhound Rosie carrots and baby food while he watches the nightly news and listens to the story about a 91 year old woman who shot herself while the sheriff's department was evicting her from her home. A foreclosure contractor working for the local bank rings his doorbell and hands him an eviction notice only to return within seconds as a Zombie. Carson Drew is forced to make a decision between good and evil. He chooses to fight the Zombie Banks and so the film begins. Carson's journey leads him on an odyssey and introduces him to two more citizen zombie hunters. Claire is a college student who cannot continue her education because of bad credit card debt and John has been dishonorably discharged from the army for having PTSD after serving two tours in Iraq.Our gang of three set out to take the fight to the Zombie Bankers with the help of Carson's trusted bloodhound Rosie. Only a bloodhound can find anything, even the F.....king Zombie Bankers!
In a post apocalyptic zombie riddled world, a group of survivors comprised of former business men, rent-a-cops, teenagers and a serial killer, band together to lead what's left of humanity to safety as they encounter mad scientists, crazed cults, and of course zombies on the way.
In London, four very different people team up on a jewel heist, then try to double-cross one another for the loot, complicated by their efforts to fool the very proper barrister Archibald Leach.
King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles.
Born on the original Christmas day in the stable next door to Jesus Christ, Brian of Nazareth spends his life being mistaken for the messiah.
Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall.
A day in the lives of two convenience clerks named Dante and Randal as they annoy customers, discuss movies, and play hockey on the store roof.
In order to ruin a western town and steal their land, a corrupt politician appoints a black sheriff, who promptly becomes his most formidable adversary.
Alfalfa is wooing Darla and his "He-Man-Woman-Hating" friends attempt to sabotage the relationship.
Vincent is about to become a father. At a meeting with childhood friends he announces the name for his future son. The scandalous name ignites a discussion which surfaces unpleasant matters from the past of the group.
An ambitious salesman will do anything for that big promotion he's been chasing, but inevitably, he will learn that there is no such thing as the perfect crime.
Dave is deaf, and Wally is blind. They witness a murder, but it was Dave who was looking at her, and Wally who was listening.


